[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
FIGHT TO THE FINISH
[gasps]
Daddy, no! Energy field!
No!
[screams]
[melancholic music]
[sighs]
[theme music]
-[door knocks]
-[Jeremy] Come in.
How come you're not asleep at this hour?
'Cause it's time to get up!
[Jeremy] Oh wow, time sure does fly!
Jeremy, you've hardly slept all week long.
You've got to get some rest.
I haven't got time.
I've almost finished
my multi-agent program.
-[Aelita] Already?
-Yeah.
We'll be able to attack Replikas
simultaneously.
And soon we'll be able
to wipe out XANA for good.
And you're ready to die of exhaustion
for that?
If that's what it takes, I am.
[sighs]
[typing, beeping]
-Breakfast time.
-[Jeremy groans]
Well, Dunbar, good to see you've got
your head screwed back on.
You've gotta pace yourself, kid.
Just because you're half as bright
doesn't mean you'll go twice as far,
-something like that…
-[grunts]
[light music]
[indistinct chatter]
[groans]
I wonder what they put into
these croissants today? Yuck!
I'll take them off your hands.
-How can you eat those things, Odd?
-Just watch.
Are you worried about Jeremy?
-Yes, but… That's not all.
-[both grunt]
Well, I've got a premonition that all
of this stuff is gonna have a bad ending.
Hey, don't worry.
We're gonna get rid of XANA, Aelita.
That's for sure.
He's no match for the one and only
Odd the Magnificent!
Hey, you're gonna scare him
with those crumbs on your teeth!
[grunts]
[all laughing]
[Milly] William,
would you mind answering a few questions
for the Kadic News?
There's a rumor going around
that you've got a twin brother.
Can you confirm?
All I can confirm is that
I'm going to breakfast.
Hey William, that was a great gag.
You had us all fooled.
We really thought you'd lost it!
[grunts]
And then Sissi asked me if spaghetti grew
on trees or in the ground.
[all laughing]
[William] Hello. Can I sit down here?
[groans]
Thanks a lot. I get the message.
No, William. Don't go.
-[grunts]
-Thanks but no thanks, Aelita.
I know when I'm not wanted.
It's not fair of us
to treat him like that.
He's not our enemy now.
Maybe not now.
But he was XANA's trusty ally!
Not of his own free will.
But it was his fault too.
If he hadn't tried playing the hero,
the Scyphozoa wouldn't have caught him.
The Scyphozoa caught me too,
lots of times.
And it could have happened to you as well!
[both grunt]
Listen, we'll try to be nice to him.
-But he can't ever go to the factory.
-Yeah, okay.
[typing, beeping]
[grunts]
Unbelievable!
[phone ringing]
Jeremy? What?
Yeah, it was a message from Franz Hopper.
He wants us to meet him at the factory
in 15 minutes.
But… How do you know
it's not a fake message?
Sounds like a XANA tactic.
I know, but it came,
just when I finished the program.
-[Jeremy] That's no coincidence.
-You're right.
-It could be my father.
-[Jeremy] Better hurry.
[Aelita] Be right there.
[panting]
My father just sent Jeremy a message.
It sounds important.
Let's head for the factory.
[both grunt]
-[grunts]
-[all grunting]
-[panting]
-[William] Hey!
Anything wrong?
[all grunting]
If you want, I'd sure like to help.
No, no, no, everything's cool.
Thanks a lot.
No attack in sight, so…
We don't really need you, William.
Well, that's a shame 'cause I've got
a score to settle with XANA.
Yeah, well, some other time.
Well, see you later.
[theme music]
[music playing on player]
[panting]
Uh?
Well, well, well.
[tense music]
[grunts]
Where could he have gone? He couldn't
have just disappeared like that!
-Hey!
-Sissi?
Looking for your friend,
Sourpuss, I guess?
What are you doing here?
The park is still open to everybody
last time I heard, but what about you?
[groans]
You four look like you're in a hurry.
-[Ulrich] Well…
-We've got water polo practice, yeah.
-Right now too.
-Yeah… and we're late too.
We've got practice in the gym with… Jim.
-[Aelita nods]
-I'm not as stupid as you think.
What are you doing here?
Nothing at all. Hey,
you would look really great as a blond.
Suits your personality.
Bye now!
[grunts]
[grunting]
Bummer! Look, the door's locked!
That's the first time ever. Bad sign.
We can get in if we go outside the school.
-[Yumi] That's a long way to go.
-[phone ringing]
Aelita,
what are you waiting for?
Hurry up!
We're sorry, Jeremy.
We'll be there as fast as we can.
We have no choice. Let's move it, guys.
-[panting]
-[Ulrich gasps]
What's wrong?
You run out of water in the gym?
-Sissi, why do you always have to…
-Sissi.
[snickers]
There you are, my lovely princess,
my beautiful flower…
-[all chuckling]
-Are you out of your mind, William?
-Have you gone bananas again?
-No, don't go, please!
-I missed you so much, Sissi!
-I haven't gone anywhere lately.
Hands off or I'll tell my father!
Would you guys tell him to--
[Sissi gasps]
Where'd they go?
Well, if you're gonna reject me,
I guess I'll have to try
my luck elsewhere. See you.
[scoffs]
See you, dork!
[action music]
[grunts]
[mechanical whirring]
Oh, I was beginning to wonder
if you'd ever get here.
It took a little while to get
Sissi Super Glue off our tails!
Anyway, what's all this about my father?
Franz Hopper sent me
some interesting data and coordinates.
He's preparing something
on the Ice Sector,
something really critical.
Critical in what way?
I wish I knew.
But if he's suddenly decided to reappear,
I don't think it's only to say hello.
He's gonna need an escort to protect him
from XANA's monsters.
Right. That's why all four of you
-are going in.
-[William] Yeah, like all five of us!
William,
what do you think you're doing here?
Well, I thought that
after I got rid of Sissi for you,
you might let me go with you.
Better have another think.
There's no way William goes back to Lyoko.
[grunts]
-It's too dangerous.
-So that's it, huh?
You don't trust me anymore?
Look, I was XANA's prisoner
totally against my will.
[Yumi] XANA captured you once.
He can do it again.
And you're not like us.
You're not…. strong enough.
[grunts]
[all grunt]
Okay, we have no time to lose.
William stays here in the factory with me,
but if you guys need some backup,
I'll send him to you. Okay?
-[all grunting]
-I guess so.
-Count me in.
-Good.
You four get down to the scanner room.
I'll start up the virtualization process.
[grunts]
[theme music]
[whirring]
[grunting]
[gasps]
Aelita, you all right?
[sighs]
It's gonna be okay.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah, you might even
get to see your father today.
And Ulrich can ask him for some tips
on how to get better grades
in computer class.
-[groans]
-Everybody in.
-We're ready.
-[Jeremy] Ice floe, here you come!
[grunts]
The meeting point
is in the south of the sector.
[Jeremy] Transfer Ulrich.
Transfer Odd.
Scanner Ulrich.
[Jeremy] Scanner Odd.
[digital scanning, beeping]
Virtualization.
[digital whirring]
[Jeremy] The ladies are on the way.
Transfer Aelita. Transfer Yumi.
[Jeremy] Scanner Aelita. Scanner Yumi.
Virtualization.
[digital whirring]
[Jeremy] According to this message,
your meeting point should correspond
to an iceberg dead ahead of you.
[Odd] How come you're always right,
Einstein?
-Here we go.
-[gasps]
[all grunting]
Now, if only XANA's taken a day off…
[Ulrich] We're here, Jeremy.
[Jeremy] I'm picking up intense activity
on the other side of the waterfall.
What are we waiting for? Let's go!
Odd, I'd like to have a minute alone
with my father.
I understand, princess.
And besides, you won't be far away
if something goes wrong.
Go on, hurry.
[gasps]
Daddy, are you there?
[loud whirring]
-[grunts]
-[alert beeping]
An activated tower! I wonder
what XANA has up his sleeve this time?
William?
[William groaning]
You know what? I think it's time that…
-[groans]
-[gasps]
[shouts, groans]
[tense music]
Jeremy, I think that my father
is going to send you some more data.
Jeremy?
[gasps, groans]
-[rumbling]
-[gasps]
Hurry, Daddy! We can't stay here!
[panting]
[Odd] Laser arrow!
[Aelita gasps]
The Kolossus!
Yeah, and he looks ready for action too.
We're gonna need our vehicles.
Jeremy? Jeremy, what's wrong?
[groaning]
[Aelita] Jeremy, can you hear me?
[loud thud]
[heavy thuds]
I don't get it.
Jeremy should have warned us that
the Kolossus was on the way.
Something must have happened.
We have to play for time.
[Aelita] Yumi, use the monster
to get you back to the factory!
[Yumi] Okay, Aelita.
And I'll keep him busy. Super sprint!
[groaning]
[Yumi] For once,
I have to bow down to you, XANA.
[Yumi groans]
[grunts]
I wonder why I'm not surprised.
[Aelita panting]
That Manta just won't give up.
-And he's making me dizzy too!
-Energy field!
-Bull's eye, Aelita!
-[chuckles]
[groans]
[mechanical whirring]
[grunts, sighs]
[Yumi yells]
[digital scanning]
[gasps]
What's going on around here?
[Jeremy] It's incredible!
[Yumi groans]
[groaning]
[Jeremy] Hey, do you read me, guys?
[Odd] Loud and clear.
It's about time, Einstein.
[Odd] You almost missed a wild party,
with a Kolossus and a bunch of Mantas.
[Jeremy]
Whatever you do, protect Franz Hopper.
[Jeremy] He's sending me
some data right now!
Jeremy, what happened to you?
XANA launched an attack.
He knocked me out and Xanafied William.
[Odd] We should've brought him
to Lyoko with us.
Maybe so.
Go and tell that to Yumi.
[groans]
-[groaning]
-[William laughing]
[grunting]
[shouting]
[Manta screeches]
-[Odd] Shield!
-[Aelita] Energy field!
-How's that for teamwork?
-[sighs] Good work, you two.
-[alert beeping]
-I don't like that.
[Jeremy] Holoweb system online.
Oh no!
[Jeremy] Be careful. XANA's drawing energy
from all the Replikas
to strengthen the Kolossus.
[Jeremy] Ulrich, you've gotta find a way
to slow up the process.
[Ulrich] I've just about reached his head.
[grunts]
[Ulrich] I'm gonna try something.
Now!
Super sprint!
Impact!
[shouting, grunting]
[Ulrich groaning]
[Jeremy] Well done, Ulrich.
[Jeremy] You immobilized the Kolossus,
for a while at least.
How is the data transfer going?
Nearly there… But you have to protect
Hopper from the Kolossus.
[Odd] Thanks a lot. Did you happen
to notice the size of that guy?
I know, Odd… but I absolutely
have to get that data, 'cause…
Oh no…
-Yes!
-[beeps]
No, it can't be possible!
[Aelita grunts]
Jeremy,
my father's heading for the Digital Sea!
[Aelita and Odd grunting]
[Odd gasps]
[Aelita] He… he disappeared.
I know.
But he sent me the data I needed
to complete my… my anti-XANA program.
-Would you say that again?
-[Jeremy] You heard right.
Thanks to this program,
I can destroy XANA!
[Ulrich] Well, better hurry up
and run the thing,
'cause the Kolossus seems to be getting
his strength back!
For it to work,
you've all got to be in Sector Five.
I can't do it alone.
There's no way with the Kolossus around.
As soon as he shows up, he'll be playing
ping pong with the transporter.
-[Jeremy] Ulrich is on it.
-[Odd] He's on it all right.
-[Odd] Let's hope he doesn't fall off it.
-[Ulrich grunting]
Jeremy, wouldn't it be better
to deactivate the tower first?
Yumi's in danger.
I know but it's our only chance
of finally getting rid of XANA for good.
Yumi'll be saved no matter what.
At least I hope so.
[theme music]
[Yumi groans]
I'm entering the code, "Scipio."
-[Aelita] There it is!
-[Odd] Yeah!
[both gasping]
[Odd] And there he is!
[grunting]
[shouting]
[Odd] Yeah!
[groaning]
[Odd] So long, Volcano Brain!
Say hello to XANA for us!
[gasping, shouting]
[Mantas screeching]
[grumbling]
[sighs]
[Jeremy] Good job, Ulrich,
but you can celebrate another time.
Yumi's not having
what'd you call a great day.
[Ulrich] Gotcha.
-[Yumi gasps]
-[chuckles]
I'm sorry, William but let's face it.
We were never meant for each other.
[Yumi shouting]
[William grunts]
Aelita, Odd, how are you doing?
[Aelita] We're in the Celestial Dome.
[Jeremy] Perfect.
I'm sending you the anti-XANA program.
[Aelita] Okay, Jeremy.
Uh-oh. Looks like we're in
for a flying fish show.
[screeching]
-You there, Aelita?
-[Aelita] Yes!
Run the program right now!
-[Odd] Well, is it working?
-[Aelita] Jeremy, what's going on?
Oh no, we haven't got enough power
to run the program!
And we're only a step away
from beating XANA!
[grunts]
[Odd] Laser arrow!
[groans]
William!
[shouts]
I don't wanna see you
hanging around Yumi ever again!
[theme music]
-Are you okay, Odd?
-[Odd groaning]
-Odd, watch out!
-[Odd grunts]
Odd!
[groans]
[Mantas screeching]
[Aelita] Daddy?
[shouts]
[Ulrich shouts]
[grunts]
Careful, Ulrich!
[groans]
[laughs]
I've wanted to do that for a long time.
[groans]
[Yumi] Ulrich! No!
[groaning]
Daddy! No!
Energy field!
What is he trying to do?
The power!
Aelita, try running the program right now.
What?
[gasps]
But my father!
[Jeremy] Your father
is supplying the energy that we need.
Try to run the program again, now!
[gasping]
Oh no… No!
[Aelita groans]
Aelita, if you don't launch
the program now, then your father
will have sacrificed himself for nothing.
Do it!
[Jeremy] Do it!
[gasps]
No!
[tense music]
Go on.
[laughing]
[screaming]
[gasps]
[Jeremy] The program is destroying
all the Replikas.
[Jeremy] XANA is dying!
-What's going on?
-I don't know.
[yowling]
[digital scanning and beeping]
It can't be, but it is.
[both grunt]
[grunts]
[sobbing softly]
[Jeremy] Aelita, we've done it.
XANA's been destroyed.
[Jeremy] I'll bring you home now.
[melancholic music]
[sighs]
[Aelita sobbing softly]
[theme music]